De: Lucía Arnedo Sanz <larnedo@arnedoabogados.es>
Para: Sara Domingo <psicologia@asociacionalmena.org>; Carmen Ruiz <social@asociacionalmena.org>
Fecha: 21 de marzo de 2026, 13:08
Asunto: RV: Blessing O. - country evidence + mother's situation (para el recurso AN)

Hola Sara, Carmen:

Os reenvío lo que me ha mandado el compañero de Benin City. Es oro para el recurso: confirma que la madre de Blessing ha recibido amenazas, que la familia del padre de Precious sigue empeñada en la «segunda circuncisión» y que el TAR allí es un desastre. Necesitaría de vosotras:

1. Un informe psicológico actualizado (Sara) con el PCL-5 nuevo y cómo está tras el parto. Me dijo Blessing que la niña nació bien el 2 de abril, por cesárea, 2.890 g, y que la carga viral de la bebé a las 6 semanas ha salido indetectable, pero que ella está «muy baja», que no duerme y que llora todo el día. ¿Puede ser depresión posparto? Si la psiquiatra del 12 de Octubre le ha puesto algo (creo que sertralina) que lo diga el informe.
2. Constancia de que Emmanuel la acompaña a las consultas y que la relación es estable. No hace falta poner que él es delegado de UGT en el almacén de Getafe, eso lo dejamos fuera.
3. El certificado de la parroquia pentecostal de que asiste cada domingo (el pastor Adewale ya se ofreció).

El plazo vence el 5 de mayo. Gracias, sois las mejores.

Lucía
--
Lucía Arnedo Sanz · Abogada (ICAM 104.882)
Arnedo Abogados · C/ Embajadores, 181, 4.º, 28045 Madrid · 91 527 44 16

---------- Mensaje reenviado ----------
From: Barr. Osayande Iyamu <oiyamu.chambers@gmail.com>
To: Lucía Arnedo Sanz <larnedo@arnedoabogados.es>
Date: Thu, 19 Mar 2026 18:42 +0100
Subject: Blessing O. - country evidence + mother's situation

Dear Lucia,

Further to our call, please find below a summary of what I could verify in Benin City this week. Sorry for the delay, the network was down for two days.

1. The mother, Mrs. Efe Osagie, lives at No. 14 Ugbor Road, off Airport Road, Benin City. I visited her on 16 March. She confirmed that two men came to her house in January and again in February asking for "Blessing's money" and saying the oath has been "broken". She reported to the Ugbor police division but no action was taken. She is hypertensive and had a stroke in 2024; she now walks with a stick and her left hand is weak. She is on amlodipine and aspirin when she can afford them.

2. The grandmother, Mama Esohe, is still the chief priestess of the Ayelala shrine in Ogbe quarter. She told me openly that the "oath does not forgive" and that the "child must complete her rite". In Edo culture this means the girl will be cut again. The late father's people are Esan from Ekpoma and they are very strict about this.

3. HIV treatment: the nearest ART centre to the family's area (the general hospital) had stock-outs of dolutegravir-based regimens for 5 of the last 12 months, per the State AIDS Control Agency. There is strong stigma: people living with HIV are often thrown out of their compound. Blessing's late cousin Osaretin died in 2019 after treatment interruption, as she told you.

4. The trafficker known as "Madam Rose" (Rose Igbinedion) was arrested by NAPTIP in Lagos in 2022 but was released on bail and is reportedly back in Italy. Her brother, Kelvin Igbinedion, was convicted in Benin High Court in 2017 for armed robbery and is now a "chairman" in the area.

5. Precious's father, Osagie "Lucky" Ehigie, was killed in 2022 in a cult clash. He was a member of the Eiye confraternity.

I am attaching the police extract and the photos of the shrine. Please let me know if you need a sworn affidavit.

Best regards,
Barr. Osayande Iyamu
Iyamu & Co. Chambers, Benin City
+234 803 555 2914
